good people from youtube are welcome
once again to a new video of mine in the
which I will tell you about those who are my
look like the worst thorns of the
video game
first and foremost that is a spin-off
a spin-off is a kind of extra that
they usually do for video games and
TV series and those things so
general are not very long are not very
complexes are timeless in the sense
that what happens in them does not affect
no way to the series or video game
original and also usually the
spin-off are extremely bad xd and
good knowing that they are the spin-off
let's go straight to position number 5
at number 5 we have the mega
man soccer
This spin-off is just as
good as its title is to say super bad
x of this game is a slop in several
senses as you will always know
soccer games for the nes for
cell phones and all those
platforms are always difficult to
play for its bad and justified
gameplay then what can you
wait for one
football made by developers of
platform games obviously a
fiasco although aesthetically good
achieved its gameplay and errors what
they put in this place besides me
It seems stupid to make someone like
megaman who is always in charge of
stop the evil plans of this from
here is ridiculed and denigrated of that
form only for a spin-off that is not worth
worth playing and as extra data at the end
when I completed the game because of an error
of programming instead of showing you the
final scene and the game credits you
sent back to the home screen
in position number 2 we have hey
picachu this game consisted of
get a pikachu and take care of it is to say
a total kitsch has no more
simply a game where we have a
pikachu as a pet we have to
feed him and take him for a walk play
with him go to parties of other pokemones
in the future when our pikachu
if we were older we should leave it in
freedom and then in theory we should of
get another pikachu to take care of him and
well in the end is that there is more to say
of this game in my opinion of the
million thorns that pokemon has
this is one of the most ridiculous but
well there's not much to say about this
game let's go to the next
at number 3 we have mario mario hotel
Bros is another of the games that has
thousands and thousands of spin-offs to his credit of
which many are very ridiculous but
personally I think that this is the most
fool of all who have played
they will know why those who have not played this
game so very simple it's about
puzzle- like screens where our
goal is to make boxer can pass
It's as simple as this game, just like its
simplicity the boredom that we
provides when playing it is unimaginable
likewise we should be grateful that
it was never an official game of nintendo
since you could not even play in your
consoles but well really there's no
a lot to talk about this game
just go to the next
at number 2 we have our
dear sonic which also has some
so many spin-off of disgust to his credit
maybe they think I'm going to talk about this
game but even if this one is pretty bad
there is one that in my opinion is in aspects
specific worse than that of shadow no
I remember exactly what the name is called
sonic game but the game consists of
escape from the island where you were
and the way to do it was surpassing
levels that dealt with logic challenges
grammatical knowledge riddles and
mathematical challenges all in
time trial because he placed this game
in this high part of the top
for various reasons for me in what
I suppose that because I'm raised by
word video games and studies could not
be in the same sentence is to say that
when I was studying I could not even think of
the video games and when I played then
obviously because of my mind I was not passing
absolutely for nothing the word
studies or anything related to it already
that playing was a way to forget about
the multiplications and divisions and
things of those
this is why this game seems so
fucking bored but know that
the video game is fine that to us
today having passed through that stage
of life more than a decade ago
this game is very good to improve
our mental acuity and it is very complete
in terms of the number of challenges of
all type that contains but in spite of
that remember that this is my top and it's my
opinion and although I understand that this game
It is ideal for teenage children
and sometimes even adults less applied
improve your mental acuity for me as
I hate him, I could play the
three games that I mentioned before but
this sonic game yes I would not play it
for nothing simply for how am I xd
so let's move on to number one on the top
in the position number 1 I have decided to put
which in my opinion is without a doubt and
by far the worst spin-off of all
or at least of those that I have knowledge
the number one spot is taken by pokemon
channel the game is that we are
with pickup up the television and now
that's all we have next to pikachu and
in front of a television in which
we can choose between different channels
of television to see some were
blocked and there were actually few is
say the channels were not too much
precisely and in some channels it
could interact with the channel
answering questions and things like that but
really nothing else is like buying
the gta 4 or gta 5 to see
television and it's silly is a
game that maybe a very small boy
Pokemon fan and very innocent without
more nothing to do could perhaps like
but wait for this game to entertain
your audience of all ages is a
complete idiocy that is to say he does not have
playability have programs that are
they do repetitive and you can see all
the game programs
now how much is a game that
it lacks everything necessary for a
game is at least playable and over
being a spin-off is for me
knowledge the worst spin-off done well
So, nothing this was my top remember
that if you liked you can leave your like and
If you do not agree, you can leave your
dislike without any problem and also
remember to comment on that spin-off that
they think I should be in this top
so then nothing a taste and see you
in the next video to diosito